"Hollywood" was a rock song made famous by which band headed by the Irish musician and singer songwriter Dolores O'Riordan?
"Lovely Rita" is a song on what album from a famous English rock band?
"Man in the Shadow" star Orson Welles also directed and starred in what film?
2014 IGLFA World Championship was a part of what  international multi-sport event and cultural gathering
A Swarovski crystal mesh Armani Privé gown was worn by an Australian actress who has what middle name?
Adolphus Croft was an architect for the furniture manufacturers founded in what year via merger?
After being decomissioned, the USCGC Catenary was sold to an academy located in what state?
Aladdin is a musical with lyrics by an American lyricist whose first collaboration with Alan Menken was with what 1979 musical?
Alone Again (Naturally) is a studio album by a pop music singer who was nominated for six what?
Alvin C. York Institute was founded by a soldier from what branch of the military?
Amenherkhepshef is buried in the tomb in the valley that housed pharaohs from what time frame?
An American amateur parachute jumper who reached 123,500 feet with his strato jump, had his record beaten by an Austrian skydiver who is best known for jumping to Earth from a helium balloon on what date?
Are  Great Pyrenees and Terceira Mastiff both dog breeds?
Are 1221 Avenue of the Americas and 590 Madison Avenue located in the same city?
Are Anyang and Fenyang both in the same province in China?
Are Atom Smash and Gorillaz both bands?
Are Drew Renaud and Richard Elfman both American directors?
Are Edith Hamilton and Katherine Kurtz both educators?
Are George Pettit and Shin Hye-sung members of the same band?
Are George Stambolian and David Hedison of the same nationality?
Are Glenn Cooper and Roger Zelazny both writers?
Are Herbert Ross and Denis Villeneuve from different countries?
Are Isopyrum and Albuca both types of flowering plants?
Are Leucogenes and Stylophorum from the same country?
Are Liaoyang and Fenyang both part of China?
Are Lost Lemon Mine and McIntyre Mines both in Ontario?
Are Robert Walser and Tom Clancy both writers ?
Are Utah State University and Western Michigan University both public universities?
Are Working for a Nuclear Free City and The Innocence Mission both based in the United States?
Are both Candleshoe and Pooh's Heffalump Movie Walt Disney films?
Are both Robin McKinley and Anita Diamant American authors?
Are both Royal Blood and Holly McNarland involved in the music industry?
Are both Sandon Stolle and Elizabeth Smylie still playing professional tennis?
Are both the Aglaonema and Alstonia genus of plants evergreen?
Are either Clap Your Hands Say Yeah or Joywave country music bands?
Are tennis players Corina Morariu and Mats Wilander from the same country?
Are the South Hadley Canal and Duluth Ship Canal located in the same state?
Arena is a documentary series that has aired a show chronicling which Canadian filmmaker?
As well as directing, who also had a career as an actor, Michael Dolan or William K. Howard?
At Home with the Noonans follows the lives of what English gangster whose brother was Desmond "Dessie" Noonan?
At a tournament where Wisoon Wichaya was coaching Thai football in 206, at least 38 teams were playing. How many of those teams were women's teams?
At which arena do Russian figure skaters hope to be competing in in 2018?
Atom Egoyan received his commercial success in a film directed by who?
Baar railway station is situated in this municipality in the canton of what
Bailey Hall was built by the same architect as that who created the building that goes by which other name?
Barry Cook was the co-director for the 2011 3D animated film produced by which companies?
Baseball All-Star Bo Jackson and Craig Erickson were both drafted twice in the NFL Draft. What team do they have in common?
Beautiful Losers and American Harmony are both what?
Besides "Dungeons & Dragons", which Group SNE RPG does Record of Lodoss War's conventions and structures follow?
Besides the Shard, where can other major works of Severfield Plc be found?
Between Brian Kidd and Mikel Arteta, what year was the older one born?
Big Fat Liar starred the actor who played the title character on what Fox family sitcom?
Born Again starred the American film actor who played what role in The Best Years of Our Lives?
Both Patrik Sjöberg and Javier Sotomayor participate in which sport?
Bryan Beller and Antonio Canobbio have both played for the virtual band associated with what Adult Swim show?
By what margin did the Supreme Court explicitly overrule Baker v. Nelson in 2016?
Byelka was devoped for an aircraft which was a product of what?
Casseurs Flowters is a duo whose name came from which 1990 Christmas comedy film?
Chevrolet Silverado 250 is held at the track located in what Ontario city?
Chunksaah Records is based in this city in which county in New Jersey, United States?
David J. Wineland was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with which French physicist known for a study of the particle of light?
Did John Boorman or Alexander Butler direct more films?
Do Ray Ruffels and Peter Curtis play the same sport?
Do Stanley Tucci and Michael Anderson have the same nationality?
Do the genuses Thalictrum and Rumex contain roughly the same number of species?
Dodge Durango and Dodge Dakota both featured a ?
Dolan v. City of Tigard and Gravel v. United States were both cases in which US court?
Don Donald features music which was adapted from what mexican folk song better known internationally as "The Mexican Hat Dance"
Donovan McNabb was benched in favor of which former Florida State University College football player?
Dose Maher Sabry and Mathieu Kassovitz acomplish the same things in their carrers?
Dr. Abdul Razak al-Hashimi was a senior advisor to a leader that died in what year?
Dream Your Life Away includes which song by Australian singer-songwriter Vance Joy?
During the Russell Athletic Bowl, the  2014 Clemson Tigers football team defeated a team that played their home games at what stadium?
Ennio Morricone won the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music for two consecutive years. For the second, who is the period-correct music by?
Everybody's Got Somebody but Me was written by the country music singer signed to what label?
Everything is Everything marked the first commercial appearance of a singer born in what year ?
For which team does this American football quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) who scored a remarkable comeback as freshman in the 2000 Music City Bowl?
Forgotten Voices of the Great War is part of the oral archive at a British national museum organisation founded in what year?
From which French philosopher's work did John Maus derive the title of the album whose positive response caused him to grow more widely accepted as an outsider artist?
From which Metallica album does the song, used by Niels de Ruiter as walk-on music, come?
George Davidson Todd, mayor of Louisville, Kentucky, came to Louisville at age 18 to work for which leading American manufacturer of hardware goods?
George Oldroyd dedicated which composer to  Cosmo Gordon Lang?
Gertrude Blom was an anthropolgist who studied the culture of the peoples who lived in what Mexican state?
Glenn Slater received his third Tony nomination for his performance in a movie with music by who?
Graham Gold is a DJ who broadcasts live Friday nights on a radio station that also broadcasts on what around the UK?
Great Expectations is a 1998 contemporary film starring an American voice actor known for starring in what animated television sitcom?
Hitomi Soga married someone formerly what?
Hooker with a Penis was from the album produced by whom?
How long has the league that Eray Cümart plays football in played in its current format?
How many records have been sold by one of the writers of "Bachelor Boy"?
How many seasons did, the Guard with a FG% around .420, play in the NBA ?
How many terms did the politician, who drafted the Plan de la Noria, serve as President of Mexico?
I Luh God is a song by a singer who started her music career in what year?
In 2010, the population of Garfield County in Montana was 1,206 and the county seat, Jordan, Montana, had a population of 343. What is the name of the survey that determines these populations?
In between Jason Schwartzman and Derrick Green who joined the band Sepultura in 1997?
In the 2008 SAP Open-Singles, the defending champion was what British professional tennis player who is a three-time Grand Slam tournament winner?
In what capacity did the husband of the art curator and philanthropist based in Louisville Brooke Barzun serve for President Obama's 2012 re-election campaign?
In what nation is it the job of Mousa Esmaeilpour to support learns or clients in achieving a specific personal or professional goal specifically in bodybuilding?
In what year did Irish poet and playwright Seamus Heaney, winner of the Golden Wreath, win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
In what year did the mall near Daniel McLaughlin Therrell highschool open?
In what year was Louis Joseph de Frances's mother born?
In what year was Tim McCann's alma mater founded?
In what year was the hereditary society that included in its ranks Luke Day, George Washington, and Alexander Hamilton founded?
In what year was the last member of the Imperial House of Japan with a full beard before Prince Tomohito of Mikasa born?
In what year was the singer born that debuted the album "The Trees They Grow So High"?
In what year was the winner of the 1970 Pau Grand Prix born?
In which American space drama film did Clint Eastwood star with the actor who played Bret Maverick in the 1950s western comedy series "Maverick"?
In which city is this historically black university located where Ron Dickerson served as the head football coach from 1998 through 1999?
In which city was born the man who wrote a book about a British Army officer who fought in the Second Boer War?
In which competition held in Buenos Aires, Argentina did Stanly Stanczyk win a gold medal?
In which country was Gideon Met born ?
In which year did Golden Gate Capital acquire Red Lobster from Darden Restaurants?
Including this First Nations tribe located in Maine, how many are linked in a confederation?
Indian film director AR Murugadoss won Best Director for his film "Kaththi", starring which actor in dual roles?
Invincible is based on the story of the player who played two seasons with which WFL team?
Is Adam Gontier a member of the rock band Shiny Toy Guns?
Is Platycerium a genus of ferns and Faucaria a word that means animal mouth?
It's an Adventure, Charlie Brown inspired what Saturday morning show that aired from 1983 to 1985?
Jeff Bauman was the subject of a drama film directed by whom?
Jeffrey Combs who starred in the "Night of the Living Dead 3D" prequel, also appeared in what science fiction franchise?
Junk Mail was a book by the English novelist who is of what nationality?
Kepler is a novel by an Irish novelist who was born in what year?
Kevin Hales played as a midfielder for Leyton Orient and a football club founded in what year?
Kevin Keatts was Addison Spruill's coach in what sport?
Kleitomachos won the three downing events at which Panhellenic Games of Ancient Greece?
Kurt Ferdinand Friedrich Hermann von Schleicher was a close advisor to which German military officer who served as the elected President of Germany from 1925 until his death in 1934?
Kyla Alissa Pratt is an American actress that was in a Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on what date?
Lakshmi Niwas Mittal is the CEO of what Luxembourg-based multinational steel manufacturing corporation?
Larry Bryggman played a doctor on television that left to work at what hospital in Baltimore, Maryland?
Leslie Skinner played a leading role in the development of a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket that alternatively goes by what name?
Letting Go samples which Rihanna song from her Rated R album?
Lonesome Lake is located south of a 4080 ft peak that was home to what?
Lucy Hawking co-wrote the book "George and the Unbreakable Code" with which famous theoretical physicist?
Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter started cooperating with which second-largest German airline in 2007?
Lynchburg Lemonade is made with a brand of whiskey that has been owned my what company since 1956?
Mairead's fictional name is which main character from the 2012 Disney Pixar film "Brave"?
Martin Barrass plays Mike Conrad on a British soap opera created by who?
Mary Ann Parkinson's husband hosted what talk show from 1971 to 1982 and from 1998 to 2007?
Mary Queen of Shops was presented by a lady that was born in what year?
Matthew Lewis appears in Bluestone 42, a comedy series on what network?
Mike Gibbons and Stanley Ketchel were both what type of people?
Min Yoon-gi is managed by a company established by who?
Mr. Snowman was released by a country music artist who used to be one-half of what country duo?
On what continent can both Eucryphia and Phaius be found?
Osiel Cárdenas Guillén was the leader of the syndicate that was part of what country?
Over what years was the city hall on top of which the Rathausmann is located constructed?
Paradise Road, starring Glenn Close and Australian Cate Blanchett, tells a World War II story about women imprisoned where?
Paul Warren starred in what 2010 movie along side Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes and Sam Worthington?
Peter Hugh Pocklington is an advocate of an economic system that is free from intervention by which party ?
Placide Cappeau was the author of "O Holy Night" which was set to music by what French composer and music critic
PlazAmericas and Meyerland Plaza are located in which city?
Richard Green was referee for several major bouts including which American professional boxer and activist?
Robert Goldsborough is from this state whose largest city is what?
Régional Compagnie Aérienne Européenne is a subsidiary of an airline carrier that has its corporate headquarters at what location?
Sally Mortemore appeared as Madame Pince in a film based on a novel by whom?
Samuel Sheffield Snow was a skeptic then later a follower of the teachings of who ?
Samuel Taylor Coleridge was a founder of the Romantic movement with whom with the joint publication "Lyrical Ballads"?
San Diego NASL was founded by what Belgian professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the Belgium national team?
Saving Grace starred what American actor who played William Adama in Battlestar Galactica?
Savita Kovind is the wife of the politician who has been the President of India since what year?
Secret in Their Eyes co-starred the American actor best known for what role on "House of Cards"?
Sequoia is the son of which fictional character, a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics?
Shirley Collado is the president of the college located in what state?
Silvio Meißner was a football midfielder who played for a German sports club that has won the national championship how many times?
Sir Oliver Bury Popplewell chaired the inquiry into a stadium fire that killed how many people?
Skip Bayless has a program with the NFL tight end who played for which two teams?
Some Type of Love is the third extended play (EP) by an American singer who which he wrote, co-produced, and performed a song as a tribute to who?
Sorghum × drummondii is a type of grass harvested for what type of edible fruit?
Stands for Decibels is a 1981 album that has been cited as an influence by  a Scottish alternative rock band formed in what year?
Strange Clouds features a guest apperance by which singer born on December 13, 1989 ?
Taylor Hart played college football at the team that plays in what conference?
Terrence "Terry" Dodson is a comic book artist best known for his work on a fictional supervillain and occasionally antihero created by who?
The 1966 BRDC International Trophy race was won by a man born in what year?
The 1981 NFL season was the 62nd regular season of the National Football League, that ended with a game between the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football Conference and what winner of the American Football Conference?
The 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics was partially awarded to which professor of physics from UC-Berkeley?
The 44th Primetime Emmy Awards included which science-fiction actor as a presenter?
The Acer beTouch E110 is a smartphone manufactured by a company headquartered in what location?
The BMW N63 engine was launched in a mid-sized luxury what?
The Chamizal dispute was caused by a shift in which one of the principal rivers in the southwest United States and northern Mexico?
The Chippewas main campus is located where?
The English land owner and politician from a small town and civil parish on the River Calder sat in which branch of government?
The Final Destination was released in what year?
The Logie Awards of 1998 featured guests including one of the stars of what popular NBC sitcom?
The Mask, starring Jim Carrey, also marked the film debut of which star actress and voice artist?
The Papal conclave was convened to elect a pope following a resignation was first announced on the morning of what date?
The Rotor is an amusement park ride first demonstrated in 1949 but has been surpassed by an amusement ride designed and manufactured by who?
The Secret Garden lyrics are by a playwright who recieved what award in 1983?
The T. Rex song "Solid Gold Easy Action" was written by a member that died in what year?
The Uncluded was a folk rap group formed by which half of The Moldy Peaches?
The Wallflowers performed  "Everybody Out of the Water" on the show of an American comdian who was a former anchor on what ESPN show?
The Writing's on the Wall is the second studio album by which American girl group whose final and best-known line-up comprised Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams?
The actor who starred alongside Bing Crosby in Variety Girl hosted the Academy Awards how many times?
The airline based in Antananarivo, Madagascar formed an airline alliance in what year?
The author of the 2009 novel "Fame" is noted for his best work titled what?
The city that hosted the 1996 Summer Paralympics is the seat of what county?
The company which developed Disk Wars in 1999 is based in in what location?
The mother of Margaret Tudor married Henry VII after what battle?
The musical, Newsies, starring Mike Faust as Morris Delancey , was produced by which company?
The new Movie, "Rampage," stars what actress who also stared in the critically acclaimed film "Moonlight"?
The player who hit the most home runs in a single season played how many seasons of Major League Baseball ?
The society that operates the Mayflower House Museum was founded in what year?
The song  "Dancing in the Dark" was recorded for the soundtrack to a film based on a children's book by what author?
The subject of Smuel W. Rowse's lithograph was a slave of what state?
The tallest completed building in Nevada host an annual festival called Las Vegas Uncork's, it is an even centered around what to things?
The woman who wrote and storyboarded "Incendium" was born in what year?
This outdoor second-hand sale is held annually along a north–south U.S. Highway that is how long?
To which group of dialects does the "Walserdeutsch" dialect spoken in the German town of Issime belong?
Turn Coat is the 11th book in a series from which the first novel was published in which year ?
U.S. Route 95 Alternate and Interstate 80 in Nevada both travel through which town?
UFC 200 was help at what multi-use indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip that Opened on April 6, 2016
US Airways Flight 1549 piloted by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles struck a flock of geese near this bridge owned by Port Authority of what two states?
Ulrich of Eppenstein served as an abbot for an Abbey located in which city in Switzerland ?
WAVZ switched formats in time for a Super Bowl won by which team?
Was the country where Tove Lo founded Tremblebee the same as the country where Spiritualized was formed?
Wawa Welcome America is a celebration that takes place at what East Coast chain of stores?
Were  David Usher and Jimmy Urine both known for the work with the band "Moist"?
Were Larry Baker and Lionel Trilling from the same country?
Were OK Go and Ozma both from the same city?
Were Subhash Ghai and Nora Ephron both in the film industry?
Were both Monsters, Inc. and The Good Dinosaur produced by Pixar animation and released by Walt Disney?
What American novelist born in 1947 has published at least 81 novels?
What Pakistan Super League team plays at the stadium where Aftab Ahmed played against Hyderabad in November 1964
What Roman-Britian province inhabited by Celtics Britons, Belgae and Picts, holds the best preserved Roam for north of the Alps?
What Village People song was released as a medley with their song "Hot Cop"?
What actress born in Larne, County Antrim in 1917 appeared in a 1934 film adaptation of Badger's Green?
What album is the song Shut Up and Drive by Rihanna that was featured on America's Next Top Model on?
What artist is best known for his design of the former estate of John Shaffer Phipps, heir to the U.S. Steel fortune?
What author died at an earlier time, Mary McCarthy or Henry Miller?
What author who wrote "Jesus' Son" beat out Mischa Berlinksi for 2007 National Book Award?
What award winning game designer and New York Times best selling author, designed "En Garde!"?
What award, included in the term EGOT, did A Chorus Line win?
What band is the sister act of the singers of "One Nation Under a Groove"?
What city houses the Latimer Cabin and has the slogan "The World's Most Beautiful Beaches"?
What city was a founder of the The National Basketball Retired Players Association the mayor of?
What college team did brothers Colt and Case McCoy play for?
What company released the Minion Hunter board game in 1992 in conjunction with a near-future horror role-playing game (RPG) in 1991?
What consequence of the Townshend Acts resulted in the deaths of five people by British soldiers?
What country did rock bands Screaming Trees and Porno for Pyros originate in?
What country located along the gulf of Guinea and Atlantic ocean has a city known for it's traditional sea fishing?
What entertainment TV channel aired the Pakistani drama serial, Kathputli?
What female character appeared in a 1981 fantasy film directed by Matthew Robbins?
What film directed by Wong Kar-wai won most awards at the 24th Hong Kong Film Awards?
What format are both Today's Housewife and McCall's in?
What frequency does the radio station which hosted The Miranda Devine Show broadcast at?
What genre of movie do Alita: Battle Angel and Avatar share?
What genus has more species, Centradenia or Lindera?
What guitarist known for his back to basics rock style produced the Album Sin?
What historic city in Cochise County, Arizona had famous inhabitants such and Wyatt Earp and Ike Clanton?
What is Agostino Vallini in relation to the place commonly known as Lateran Basilica?
What is Amanda Crew's role in the movie Sex Drive?
What is the author of Aleph most famous for writing?
What is the birth name of the Chinese singer that recorded the single "Lose Control"?
What is the birth name of the actress that took part in a beauty pageant called the "Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant" in a mockumentary film
What is the ethnicity of the terrorist killed in a raid led by stealth helicopters in May 2011?
What is the final book in the series that depicts a society that has eliminated emotion and color to attempt to achieve equality?
What is the main base of the airline co-founded by John Nicolaas Block?
What is the middle name of the man who coached the 2014 Washington State Cougars?
What is the name of the business connected to the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino that is owned by General Growth Properties Inc?
What is the name of the court, more commonly known as the The Hague, from which Judge Shigeru Oda retired in 2003?
What is the name of the international airport in Atlanta into which Shuttle America Corporation, a regional airline based in Indianapolis, fed flights for Delta Airlines?
What is the name of the movie in which Edwin Brown plays a man that executed at least 400 people, including William Joyce and John Amery?
What is the name of this former French footballer and footballing coach, who beat Michael Svensson in the 2003 FA Cup Final with a 1-0 strike?
What is the nationality of Sirius Xm featured artist "Cat Power"?
What is the nationality of the actor who plays Maurice in Little Monsters ?
What is the nationality of the fighter that Junya Kodo fought on DREAM 5 Lightweight GP Final 2008?
What is the nationality of the player who scored 50 goals for the Pittsburgh Penguins in their 2011-12 season?
What is the native language of Rolandas Kazlas' homeland?
What is the occupation of both Cassadee Pope and Park So-yeon?
What is the official name for the state that the Ponaganset River is in?
What is the population of the Borough to which Millom Without belongs?
What is the release date of  the Lady Gaga song  that was produced by Nick Monson?
What magazine was Dr. Mehemed Fehmy Agha associated with which focused on interior design, entertaining, and gardening?
What member of the English rock band Pink Floyd sang Perfect Sense, Part I?
What movie did the actress who portrayed Sansa Stark appear in in 2016?
What movie staring Ben Foster was released in 2009 and directed by Christian Alvart?
What nationality is both Perry Farrell and Jeff Scott Soto?
What pitch was Lucy Mander's co-star in Doctor Zhivago trained to sing in?
What place in the Southwestern Conference did the 1973 football team for the private Baptist university in Waco, Texas finish?
What precious metal does Outpost Island Mine and Hedley Mascot Mine have in common?
What profession do Eric Ambler and Yevgeny Zamyatin have in common?
What regular guest of "7 Day Sunday" also worked extensively with John Oliver on "Political Animal", "The Department", and "The Bugle"?
What river is the weapons manufacturer that developed the M15 pistol located on?
What river that has the Tellico River as a tributary flows through give major impoundments and one smaller one?
What roles did Gregory Nava and Marco Bellocchio both perform?
What roller coaster located in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany is designed in a western style?
What senator delivered the 1980 speech that criticized both a former actor turned 40th American president, and rebuked the then incumbent president?
What show did the Herbie Goes Bananas star get his big break in?
What singer born in London in 1988 joined The Voice as a new judge in 2015?
What stadium is near both Palau de Gel and Mini Estadi in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain?
What team appeared in the 2008 Alamo Bowl against the Missouri Tigers coached by Gary Pinkel?
What team did Carlos Dunlap play against in the 2009 BCS national championship?
What team won a 2017 cricket match played at a cricket ground designed by famous architect and engineer Nasreddin Murat-Khan, and constructed by Mian Abdul Khaliq and Company in 1959?
What three act opera by German composer Richard Wagner did Uwe Eric Laufenberg direct at the Bayreuth Festival?
What town is closest to the castle once owned by the Scottish inventor who invented a military cannon described by Isaac Newton as "destructive to the human species"?
What two states share the same capital where GVIET is located?
What type of animation was used in the show created by Arthur Rankin Jr. and an American director, producer, composer, lyricist, and author?
What type of motor racing is Scott Moran famous for?
What university, founded in 1865 by John Bryan Bowman, houses a library that holds the record amongst public universities in the nation for the largest book endowment?
What was the 1975 debut album of the author that wrote "The Coral Sea"?
What was the 2010 population of the town where the Sandy River and Rangeley Lakes Railroad equipment is still operating?
What was the Soviet designation for the class of destroyer that is complemented by the Udaloy-class destroyer?
What was the first single released from the second studio album by the American violinist, dancer, performance artist, and composer who created her YouTube channel in 2007?
What was the middle name of the man whose first TV show was "Hey, Landlord"?
What was the nickname of the winner of the Men's Singles title during the 1998 Wimbledon Championships?
What was the nickname of this Italian Canadian professional boxer active until 2007 that the hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks's song Animal Rap's version is named after?
What was the original capitol of the kingdom that Rainald of Dassel was Archchancellor of?
What was the population, in the 2011 census, of the district where Inskip-with-Sowerby is located ?
What work of Rommel N. Angara was printed in the liwayway?
What year did Sam Elliott star with Steve Buscemi in The Big Lebowski?
What year was id Tech 5 first used in a video game?
What year was the city founded in which the Stenersen Museum is located?
What year was the game, in which TeamTNT created the "TNT:Evolution" episode for, released?
What year was the party that P. Viswanathan represents founded?
What year was the politican born that appointed Jeff Sheehy to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors?
What year was the skating partner of the first Native American female athlete to participate in the Winter Olympics born?
What year was the university where Patrick Daniel Gaffney earned his PhD established?
When did the conference the members of the Fresno State–San Diego State rivalry are both part of begin operations?
When was Matchbox 20's multi-platinum debut album released?
When was the Houston Rockets point guard recruited by Frank Sullivan born?
When was the Italian composer, string player and choirmaster died who was prominent as a madrigalist like Giovanni Croce?
When was the Korean-American actor born who acted as Glenn in the eighth episode of "Made to Suffer"?
When was the actor who portrayed Will Turner in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest named a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador?
When was the album that contained the song "Gold Dust Woman" released?
When was the attack occured which destroyed a builiding neary by the the Irish Hunger Memorial in Manhattan in New York City?
When was the author of Eat to Live born?
When was the console, for which the game Tench: Fatal Shadows was made, released in Japan?
When was the democrat who represented California's 43rd congressional district born?
When was the drummer which was one of the member featured in Tribe of Judah born?
When was the national park Mount Le Conte is located in chartered by Congress?
When was the person who provide the information that Abuzar Buzjani worked wonders and died in 366-67/988 born?
When was the political party, of which David Lewis was national secretary, founded ?
When was the publication whose effects the Maxwellians chronicled originally written?
When was the railroad opened which is north to the Bates Pond?
Where did The Road to Oz characters, sky princess Polychrome and Dorothy Gale meet?
Where does the city that the Dunedin Isles Golf Club Golf Course is get it's name from?
Where is the American film director based in who's one of the film is The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film?
Where was the  Citroën vehicle designed with influences from what is called a beach buggy in the United Kingdom presented?
Where was the Soviet revolutionary whose death shortly preceded The Norilsk uprising born?
Which Ali G series star is also an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and producer?
Which American Singer and songwriter that has been recognized for several awards sings "Better When I'm Dancin'"?
Which American actor, filmmaker, musician and comedian born in 1978 was depicted in the music video of "Dick in a Box?"
Which American actress of stage, film, and television starred in the film adaptation of John Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath" and the 1950 American Western film "Redwood Forest Trail?"
Which American television comedy writer wrote The Winter of His Content?
Which British-American novelist's books served as an inspiration to author Katherine Woodfine?
Which Bulgarian-Canadian actress appeared in the drama series "The Vampire Diaries" and in the 2007 Canadian drama film "The Poet?"
Which Canadian singer was originally featured on the song "Bankroll" by American DJ Diplo?
Which Coyote Sister member is related to singer in the Mamas & the Papas?
Which English football club's based in West Bridgford and is a former club of Sheffield United's Billy Sharp?
Which English novelist authored books published by a children's book editor based in Oxford?
Which Eon film that stars Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond, features two James Bond villains that are known for trading quips after killing their targets appear?
Which Evening in Byzantium star also appeared on the situation comedy "Silver Spoons" ?
Which Virginia theme park has featured rides such as Big Bad Wolf and Verbolten?
Which abandoned theme park was formerly called Jazzland?
Which abbey constructed the castle located in Dalton Town with Newton?
Which actor in "Curious George" was also in all eight of the "American Pie" films?
Which album was produced by the Avalanches and received multiple awards?
Which anime series was voiced by Todd Michael Haberkorn and was illustrated by Atsushi Okubo?
Which band formed first, School of Fish or The Tears?
Which band formed first, The Pillows or Hurricane No. 1?
Which band formed in Europe, Finger Eleven or Fatherson?
Which band was active first, Adam Again, or R.E.M.?
Which band was discovered by the man that recruited Peter Brown for their management team?
Which band was formed first, Franz Ferdinand or Moist?
Which battle was first the Second Battle of Bull Run or Operation Grenade?
Which building was completed first, the Silver Towers or Madison Square Park Tower?
Which canal was the first venture of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company, the Delaware and Hudson Canal or the Delaware and Raritan Canal?
Which city in the county seat of Osage County the U.S. Route 60 serves?
Which city is home to both the Tata Archery Academy and the JDR Tata Sports Complex?
Which composer was born first, Antonín Dvořák or Giuseppe Verdi?
Which country borders to the south the country in which Beidha is found?
Which country is the parent company of Tween Brands based in?
Which director created "Happy Days", Garry Marshall or Claude Autant-Lara?
Which documentary film, "That's Dancing!" or "V-Day: Until the Violence Stops", was filmed first?
Which dog breed originated further east, the Cão Fila de São Miguel or the Saluki?
Which fighter from WEC 38 is known as the "busiest" fighter in the UFC?
Which film director was French, Derek Jarman or Michel Deville?
Which film maker is known for their documentation of violent actions of the Taliban and women's rights in Afghanistan, Erik Van Looy or Mary Ayubi?
Which filmmaker is not German, David Gordon Green or Detlev Buck?
Which filmmaker is older, Gary Fleder or Mira Nair?
Which financial service is headquartered in North Carolina, Jefferies Group or Bank of America?
Which fire killed up to 300 people and its wind may had caused another fire called The Great Michigan Fire?
Which game allows the most players to participate, Mad Gab or Blokus?
Which game would be more attainable for you to play, Medici or Break the Safe?
Which genus has more species, Bursera or Ipomoea?
Which has more campuses, Williams College and University of Colorado?
Which has more people, Kunming or Qufu?
Which has more students, Tomsk Polytechnic University or Makerere University?
Which hybrid cable-stayed/suspension bridge was built using Rosendale cement?
Which is a private university, Ohio State University or Syracuse University?
Which is farther west, Batangas State University or Rice University?
Which is headquartered farther north, American Airlines Group or News Corporation?
Which is taller, Shishapangma or Mount Gongga?
Which magazine was founded first The Progressive or Cosmopolitan ?
Which magazine was published weekly vs every weekday, Aeon or Life?
Which main antagonist in some of the Sherlock Holmes stories was holmes old arch-enemy, in Sherlock Holmes - The Musical
Which movie came out first, 51 Birch Street or Man on Wire?
Which multi-use indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip opened on April 6, 2016, and was the site of the "Billboard" Music Awards?
Which musical comedy film is also a song that appeared on the same album as the song, "I Should Have Known Better?"
Which musician was involved with both Luaka Bop and Talking Heads?
Which novel, Herbert or Ten Days That Shook the World, was by American journalist and socialist John Reed?
Which of the following directed "House on Haunted Hill": John Schwert or William Malone?
Which of the following is a flowering plant in the mallow family: Piper or Hermannia?
Which of the four footballers who scored a goal for Bayern in the final match of the 2009-2010 DFB-Pokal season was described by his former manager as a "king of important matches"?
Which of these is longer, Springfield Boulevard or New York State Route 25A?
Which operation took place farther north, Operation Nordwind or Gothic Line?
Which person born on March 23, 1902 did George Roby Dempster have political battles with?
Which person cited by Pele as the greatest defender he had ever played was part of a British television series first broadcasting on 13 January 2017?
Which school is located in the capital of Australia and has a professor emeritus that is from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore?
Which show that Michael Wandmacher composed for shares a name with its creator?
Which sport did both Tijani Babangida and Marc Overmars play?
Which star of "Get on Up" was also in "The Blues Brothers"?
Which star of Man on the Prowl was born with the name Jewel Franklin Guy ?
Which team defeated the 49ers by 34-31 in the 2013 Super Bowl?
Which university in the United States contains the only law school in the state and also had American basketball player Larry Moffett play for them?
Which university is considered a public research university, Columbia University of Virginia Commonwealth University?
Which was leaked first Squeaky Dolphin or classified information from the National Security Agency?
Which was published longer, Women in Music or Holland's Magazine?
Which was released first, Brave or Sky High?
Who are the notable founders of the company for which Ilya Sutskever is currently serving as research director?
Who co-produced (apart from Beastie Boys themselves) Beastie Boys' album that has the song "Sure Shot?"
Who coached the team from the Big 12 Conference that played the UCLA Bruins in the 2012 Holiday Bowl?
Who created the show from which the cd Dora's Party Favorites was created?
Who designed the bolt-action rifle routinely issued to Italian colonial troops, alongside the Schwarzlose machine gun?
Who did Garrett M. Brown portray in a  comedy film directed by John Hughes and starring John Candy and Amy Madigan, with Jean Louisa Kelly, Gaby Hoffmann, Macaulay Culkin, Jay Underwood, and Laurie Metcalf in supporting roles?
Who died first, Krzysztof Kieślowski or Thorold Dickinson?
Who directed a 2016 musical filmed in Howth?
Who directed both Carne in 1991 and I Stand Alone in 1998?
Who directed the 1939 film Gunga Din with actor Cary Grant?
Who directed the 2009 fantasy drama film which Max Records is most notable for his roles as Max in
Who directed the surrealist short film which featured French actress Simone Mareuil?
Who directed this musical film produced by Kenneth Harper in which Melvyn Hayes appeared?
Who has more scope of profession, Ralph Ellison or Erich Fromm?
Who hosts the show Mobbed which is choreographed by Tabitha and Napoleon D'umo?
Who is regarded as Japan's second "great unifier", and is reponsible for taking Miki Castle of Harima Province from Bessho Nagaharu?
Who is the American-Canadian actor whose voice stars in Kung Fu Panda and who began his career performing stand-up comedy as a teenager?
Who is the President of Alabama A&M University who also served as the President of South Carolina State University?
Who is the director of the 2005 film which is a remake of the 1933 film of the same name and in which James Newton Howard scored?
Who is the leader of the political party that Nikos Kouzilos belongs to?
Who is the poet of The Unicorn and Other Poems?
Who is younger, Harry Daghlian or Zach Bogosian?
Who is younger, Patrick Stump or Jun. K?
Who passed away first, Jack Gilbert or Tom Clancy ?
Who produced the new version of the "Up Series"?
Who published the comics featuring Flag-Smasher, as well as anti-hero Deadpool?
Who publishes more magazines a year, Grazia or Oh Comely?
Who starred in the film that opened the 48th annual Berlin International Film Festival?
Who tracked down and arrested the longest-serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp?
Who was a former science teacher that was fired for branding a student with a Christian cross?
Who was a professor of theology at the University of Leiden as well as a student of Theodore Beza?
Who was born first Aretha Franklin or Andy Yorke?
Who was born first Donnie Munro or Chris Robinson?
Who was born first, Samantha Cristoforetti or Vladimír Remek?
Who was born in August 28, 1925-September 27, 2007 that sang Good Morning with Debbie Reynolds and Gene Kelly?
Who was born in Nagasaki, Japan and wrote the novel upon which The Remains of the Day, the musical, was based?
Who was born more recently, Guy Big, or Tommy Hunter?
Who was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2013 that was back-up on 2009 Michigan football team?
Who was the 16 year head football coach at University of Oklahoma, who won a title in 2000 after his departure?
Who was the Chief Justice behind the Supreme Court decision where Robert Cooper Grier served as a juror, which denied a "negro" could an American citizenship?
Who was the director of a movie about a Major League player born on January 19, 1964?
Who was the director of the 1952 musical drama film starring the actor who portrayed Mike Hammer in "Kiss Me Deadly"?
Who was the director of the 2013 British short film starring the actor who played Major Lance "Corky" Corkoran in the BBC series "The Night Manager"?
Who was the featured singer in Katy Perry's song "E.T."?
Who was the grandfather of the man who passed The Forest Reserve Act of 1891?
Who were the silent films La Roue and Napoleon directed by?
Who wrote the music for the play in which Morag McLaren played Carlotta?
Will, an Indian of the Misquito tribe, is in a book second only in translations to what other book?
Young Animal collaborated the co-founder of My Chemical Romance, who was the co-founder?
Yves Chauvin was a French chemist who won a Nobel Prize while working with which American co-founder of Materia?
anice Ann Atkinson was elected in 2014, second on the list for the region behind which British politician, broadcaster and political analyst who was the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) from 2006 to 2009 and again from 2010 to 2016?
are Brad Delp and  Lita mainly famous for the same thing
are Dusky v. United States and New York Times Co. v. Sullivan both landmark United States Supreme Court cases?
are Planter's Punch and Fizzy apple cocktail both alcoholic cocktails ?
what airline did the presenter of the Stelios Award found?
what position did Ömer Toprak play for Borussia Dortmund
when was the film released in which Jay Chou played Kato in the 2011?
who wrote the Flash cartoon series inwhich Aglaia Mortcheva was  portrayed as Vendetta
“Regarding Margie” is an episode from a Simpson's season that was released in Region 1 on which day ?
